# 10-09

### attendees

- Daniel Minor
- Mikhail Barash
- Sune Lianes
- Jonas Haukenes
- Mathias Ness

## Report

- TC39 conference 09/10. okt.
    - Strong support for two functions(key-val & key-callback)
        - Both functions will focus on insertion, update will be pushed down the line 
    - Positive feedback from the comittee
    - Strong opposition of the name `emplace`
        - need to be more intuitive
        - Not clashing with already existing libraries
        - The current suggestion (ref. Daniel element.io) getOrInsert & getOrInsertWithCallback
        - Open to new suggestions
    - Proposal is kept at stage 2, however:
        - moving forward
        - start looking at 262 tests
        - Further development on CPP side to minimize lookups
        - New PR coming, with our updated spec **(Fix spec)**
- New PR coming
    - Added as authors
    - new specs and changes to readme, implementations?
- Start with testing
- Presentation for world standards day
- Iterate further on tutorial
- **Next TC-39 committee meeting in December** could take the proposal to stage 2.7
- **Next meeting 22. oct**

## Topics for upcoming meetings

- What we have done
- Weakmap implementation of the function?
- (Tutorial) if tutorial at a satisfying stage -> propose getting external feedback?

## TODOs

- Make the presentation for world standards day
    1. **Deadline monday 14th 10.00**
    2. max 5 minutes
    3. One - three slides
    4. English
    5. Purpose: Introduce the project to new students to encourage participation in for the spring
    6. Sune's draft
- Updated spec
    - add Weakmap spec for callback version
    - any other changes?
- Update implementation for callbackversion?
- Continue working on Tutorial. (width before depth) -> start looking into more depth?
- Look into CPP implementation of emplace, to minimize lookups, different versions and options, use getoradd or similar?
    - (Jonas) push current implementation
    - Make sure everything is organized to avoid any confusion of many different implementation versions
